that's what you'll see is pretty
surprising or even shocking so
here is a bottle sold at
colruyt to taste the aperitif bieber on
returns without alcohol without sugar without
dye so a drink quite
banal accessible to children with a
aniseed taste so are very interesting
for adults who do not drink
alcohol than for children a small
experience everything show you that the
most safe fish can be the
more dangerous classic cups 1
yes here is a smaller glass but a
little bit thicker
the bottle was bought there is no
long ago that's robien or whitish
here we must isolate the foot not and there
nothing in the dish there either and we
will come back
a little later see the result
here we see that there is nothing
in life must flow the liquid is
passed through
it's the cup is so reduced
rather everything that goes beyond the
vfc more resistant held but bitten
also we can see that level has been
member of the completely and to show
that the glass is well screwed we see that
sinks a month it costs 25 minutes 25th and
after that's what the results are
imagined in the stomach
it can do great damage so I
recalls bottles of bigorre sold
at colruyt